How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

     Where changes made to a code having thousands lines, it is hard to determine any typos
     or changes without any dynamic tools or system.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    So that i can go back to history compare if any error happens or merge something whatever needed there after.
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

 Pros: For Git It can run with any editor, can work with offline.
       For Google Docs It can save file manually.

 Cons: For Git It has to save manually.
       For Google Docs It can not work offline.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  For Git :
         Some times different files might be partially or strongly dependent on a project files and  file changes could make another file or files 
         to be changed therefore we could allow processing multiple file simultaneously to be saved.if files are unrelated there it has to be treat separately
  For Google Docs:
         But in google docs files treated separately as two files often worked, opened or edited at the same time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  for viewing history of prevously committed statistics with id typing
  git log --stat or git log 

  for finding how many insertion and deletion and changes done from previous one typing
  git diff present_id previous_id

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

  Even if i do any mistake or make any major changes i could use version control for keep track of 
  my changes in each logical steps so that i can go back to through 

  [git log & git checkout id & git diff id_prev id_present]

  That is how git version control make me more confident

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
  Commit code and manage them locally in my bash...