When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

So that I can work on cloud on any pc or even share with or work with people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

By manual pull changes i could picturising the whole situation more nicely rather than automatically.
Moreover Automatic pull changes could take unwanted files and could introduce conglomerate buggy situation. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

--Branches normaly needed for any linear or complex commit into local or on git.Works on same repo and easy 
  reference to previous version of commits.

--For Clones We can clone after getting url from git after getting fork or from own 
  repository remotely or even in directories in locally.Clone can be made to any permitted location.

--But For Fork if its like we want to clone it from origin into m1 computer who is not the
  owner then he/she creates an empty repo in github and push it to his/her account on github and tells m2
  to clone to his/her computer but owner does not get certified that's where git introduce it's own mechanism
  called forks.Fork can be made to github one location to another.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Suppose I add some changes and I am in offline and my last head pointer head to (a remote branch called origin) 
origin/master so in order to commit i cant realy delete my origin/master as it could be necessary for purposes
like fast forward so i add a local master copy for future need and history tracking.So there we got master and
origin/master. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

If i had to choose to collaborate without git (version control) or github (vcs) i would have to go for shared folder 
or light-weight cloud system like dropbox or something like that but for coding project it might not able to track
everything in realtime or get everything done in a error free working way without breaking anything.
