What happens when you initialize a repository?

  Initializes empty git repository on particular directory with nada commits may or not have untracked files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

  Staging area is kind of middle area or point of working directory(like hdd) and repository(reflections) where to 
  decide how many file to bundle up with before final comit. Generaly one commit per logical change is countable.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
   Whatever changes i have made in working directory i would know which file or files to take to staging area and i can 
   do that after rechecking difference between working directory with staging area through command: git diff and after so 
   add git add logical_changed_file then before commit to repository i could also check difference between staging area and
   repository via git diff --staged. and finaly i could commit it with dit add logical_changed_file to repo with message.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
   When I might have to work with some experimental setup temporarily with any version of code or might wanna try new feature
   trying in game or any project or any tree situation where you might not wanna break anything and linear checkout does not 
   fit branches could help.

   Branches could help replicating any checkout without changing it with a new human readable checkout name and adding new 
   feature might not make dirt to its origin version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
   By creating history diagram i could know how commits go on a linear fashion and then branches splits.Moreover
   how back tracking of tree to the parent node could be helpful finding certain node position and whether we could track or not
   by system.
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
   Merging two branches together means adding two branches previous commit into one with history back tracking link so, here
   in result of merging coins and master we add coins branch previous commit with master branch with its complete back tracking history.

   We represent all the commits and branches in a way so that we can visualize more quickly and things might not get over complicated.
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
   Pros: For Git's Automatic merging: Things might be get easier for normal merging, so that user might work efficiently.
         For Git's Manual merging: Developer can decide and choose according to thei needs.
   Cons: For Git's Automatic merging: Automatic merging could cause problem like code not running or getting weird behaviour
         For Git's Manual merging: Manual merging can also be painful if file format is different or lake of communication
